So let's summarize what we've  done so far in case you're a bit confused.
So we have now our source folder and our dist folder. Our source folder will only be used during development
and our dist folder will be used in production.
So actually the source folder will not be included in the final theme, only the dist folder,
right?
So we've the assets which contains images folder. Anything we put inside the images folder gets compressed
and then moved to the images folder in the dist folder. We haven't done the JavaScript task yet. But here
will have the row ES6 JavaScript files and then we will compile it and move it to the JavaScript
file in the dist folder. scss folder will compile the admin.scss and bundle.scss and then move them to
the css folder in dist folder. Anything else you add to the assets folder,
it needs to be copied to the dist folder.
Since as I mentioned the source folder will not actually be included in the final theme so need to copy it
to the
dist folder. All right, so in the last lecture we had this problem that we whenever we delete something from
the source it's not deleted from the dist.
So the best way to tackle that is to actually whenever we want to run our style or or any task that
we created to delete the dist folder entirely and then recreate it from the beginning.
So let's create a task now that will delete the folder generally.
So I'm gonna google "npm del". And it's a famous package.
So let's install it.
And just I'm gonna --save-dev instead
instead of --save.
And it's on to see how to use it.
Let's actually do it directly in the gulpfile. So let's "import del from 'del'".
And create a task. A new task. Let's call it "clean". So I need to clean the folder first before running any task.
And sorry, export.
And this time we will return
the del() function. And it takes an array of paths to delete. So in our case we want to delete the dist folder.
So just simply give it, "dist".
And the delete function returns a JavaScript promise.
And if you return a JavaScript promise in a Gulp task, you  also don't need to the done()
signal kind of thing.
And one more thing in ES6, if you have arrow functions and your function body is only one line you can
actually skip the curly braces and the return keyword. So you can do that and it's exactly the same thing.
So let's try and run the delete function. And we've the folder here and the command line.
So "gulp clean".
And as you can see it's deleted. So now doesn't make sense to actually every time we need to run our "styles"
task to run the "clean" first and then run the "styles" and so on.
So need to be done in one task. To do that
we'll use a new Gulp function. And this function will run multiple tasks concurrently.
So let's create a new task. And I'll call it "build".
So this task will build our project.
It will clean the dist folder first and then run all the tasks that we've created, the "styles" and the "images"
and the "copy".
So need to type the "const" keyword
and then
"gulp.series()".
What this will do is, you pass it multiple tasks and it'll run each task one after the other.
It will wait for the first one to finish first and then run the second one and so on.
And that's because we want to clean the folder first, remove the folder first before running any task
So run "clean"
and then any task that we'll type in the other arguments will only run
after the clean is done.
So what if we want to run tasks at the same time. We'll use "gulp
.parallel()".
So we have the "styles" and the "images" and "copy".
We actually don't care which one of these run first or finish first.
They can run at the same time and that will cause no problem.
But "clean" however needs to be done first.
So that's why we used
"gulp.series()".  So let's try now and run the "build" function, task. "gulp build".
And as you can see "Starting 'build'" and "Starting 'clean'" and then "Finished 'clean'" first before starting
the others. And the others started at the same time.
So "Starting 'styles', 'images' and 'copy'" and then they finish. Whenever they finish.
And then build is end.
If we now open dist folder we'll see the old asset folder is gone now.
And the image that we deleted. Let's just create it from scratch.
The dist folder.
So the build task will, we will use it
when we want to, you know, build the our files for production. But during development we'd like to do the same
thing.
So I'm gonna create another task
called maybe, "dev".
So I'm gonna do exactly the same thing.
But after building we want to watch for changes, because of development.
So we will run the "watch" task after the "styles" and "images" and "copy" tasks are done.
So build the files first and then we watch for changes. So currently we are only watching for changes
for the SASS files only. So let's watch for
also the "images" and the "copy" task.
So far the images we would like to detect when
any image is added to the images folder. We can actually use this path. So I'm gonna type "paths.images
.src".
And once something is changed, we would like to run the "images" task.
And same thing for the "copy".
So "paths
.other.src" and the "copy" task.
So let's try the "dev" task now. "gulp dev".
Sorry.
So it run all of the our tasks like the "build" one. And then it's watching for changes.
So if we, maybe, you can add the
an image or maybe you can add a file to the assets folder so we can see if the copy
task will run.
And as you can see "Starting 'copy'" and "Finished 'copy'".
And just to make sure, it's added to the dist folder
One more thing
I just realized we don't have a default task.
So I think we can use the "dev" task as the default one.
So now when we run "gulp", the "dev" task will run. And other thing as I mentioned the "built" task is meant to
be run when we want to compile our files for production,
right?
So whenever we run it we're probably, I'm gonna look at to see the. Whenever we run the "build"  task
we'll have to use the production flag. And this is something that we might forget.
So there is a more convenient way to run tasks in NPM. In the package.json file there is a "scripts"
key here in the JSON file. You can actually right your own scripts. So I'm gonna remove the default one here and
and let's create one called "start".
And this will start the development task.
So it would run "gulp". And another one we call it "build" and
this will run "gulp build" with the production flag.
So to run these NPM scripts, we can type instead of "gulp", we can type "npm run build".
And as you can see it runs "gulp built" with the production flag. And we can also run the "start" task
and this will start watching.
So this is something convenient that you can do with NPM. Let's carry on with the other tasks in the next lecture.